So we have resources
Some are limited, some are unlimited (at least at this stage in the project)

Abstract resource class
	I think we should have resource classes that represent all the resources of a given type, and
	maybe resources that represent individual items (like a fish, a crab)
	It may sound crazy, but if you think about it the resource as a whole may be more important 	than as an individual— we may or may not need specifics on an individual fish, for example

Resource uml
	-limited: final boolean
	-plentifulness—start plentiful, become scarce, replenish overtime
	-can be overfished!! Extinction!!!

Money
	unlimited
	plentifulness is always true
	can only be sold (taken away)
	no subclasses (just dollars)

Supplies
	limited
	vary how plentiful they are
	buy/sell a supply
		ships
		fuel
		food
		nets
		etc.
		
Labor
	Unlimited
	Can only be bought
		repair my ship!

Seafood
	limited
	vary how plentiful they are
	can only be sold
		cod
		lobsters
		shrimp
		crab

Crew
	unlimited
	can be paid
		skipper
		fisher
		repair person?

Market class
	-determines price of a resource
	-resource has a normal price, a max price, and a min price (though the min can go very low)
	-based on number of purchases
	-based on time as well

For dealing with time, I suggest we just have it check the system time as needed
However, using a timer of some sort might bring in threading

At it’s most basic
“Welcome to your boat.”
Option to buy gear supplies at any point
If gear or supplies run to low, you lose?
	For example, no fuel and out at sea means you die
All this appears in a special supplies area of the screen
Money is always limited for the player, but unlimited as a resource (you can always get paid if you sell 	something)
You can press a button to perform a task
Maybe a (quick) progress bar shows the tasks completion?
When another player does something, it appears in a different part of your screen
I think the market should “react” to things being sold
	more things sold, cheaper value
	fewer things sold, greater value
If no one fishes, fish become really expensive
You should have to pay rent—don’t live on your boat
So timing becomes an issue
	

The main should ultimately receive actions, process them, and spit back stuff to the users



Gui
	at it’s most basic, for starts
	Single window
	The window should have 
	a place where actions are output as text
	A stats box
		should have buttons that let you choose how it is displayed
e server? Whoever logs on first?
	possibly there is a computer that serves it that is not a player’s (but this sounds unlikely)
	
Records
	state of game
	state of players
	will be maintained in databases, should be updated continually (I’m guessing) as the game is 		played

Multi/parallel threading
	I do not know how this will fit in yet

The main program will output the stats upon request (I’m guessing, but here’s where parallel processing might come into play)
Search sort this info could be local